•	Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The Driver Pass project entailer the owner requesting a new system to be built that offers online testing and courses as well as the option to book real world instruction with a driving instructor.
•	What did you do particularly well?
I feel I did well at analyzing all the customers requests and coming up with a rough game plan and strategy to add them into the application (system design and business requirements  document)
•	If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would rework some of the graphics not using lucid chart.  I have a better understanding of some other suites and I acknowledge that Lucid chart is the standard it is not what I am most familiar with or the most comfortable with. I would also do a deep dive into lucid chart so I can get a deeper understanding going forward.
•	How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I paid attention to what the user was asking in the transcript then in the designing I tried to include what they were requesting.  It is so important to consider the needs in designing because if you don’t and begin to program eventually you get to a point where you need to redo things because you didn’t have anything planned for that particular need. This can impact the delivery date significantly especially if it is a feature that touches many others.
•	How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
My approach is an active listening approach with lost of questions. I find that often we have to dig a bit to try to find what the actual need is.  For instance, with Driver pass the stated need is that we need to access data online as well as offline. When digging we find that what the actual need is, is to be able to download data as a spreadsheet and to access online from anywhere.  If there had been no clarifying question, we would have tried to come up with a way to access online data when not online which would be a significantly different issue. I will definitely use some of the UML diagrams I have learned in the future. I Found them to be very helpful in laying out what should be where rather than coding and reformatting a hundred times.
